Scheduler add getting started (#1484)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Scheduler/00 Getting Started with Scheduler/05 Bind the Scheduler to Data.md

The **Scheduler** can load and update data from these data source types:

* [Local array](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/Local_Array/)

* [Read-only data in JSON format](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/Read-Only_Data_in_JSON_Format/)

* [OData](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/OData/)

* [Web API, PHP, MongoDB](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/Web_API,_PHP,_MongoDB/)

* [Custom data sources](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Specify_a_Data_Source/Custom_Data_Sources/)

Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#dataSource) property to specify a data source. In this tutorial, we use a local array.

> Your data source should contain data objects. If their fields match the [predefined structure](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/), the **Scheduler** recognizes them automatically and displays appointments without further configuration. Otherwise, you need to specify your field names in **...Expr** properties. In this tutorial, the [startDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDate) and [endDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDate) fields are recognized automatically, whereas other field names are specified in the [textExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#textExpr), [allDayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayExpr), and [recurrenceRuleExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr) properties.

Reviewer: I would change the first sentence in this paragraph. Many sources say that the first sentence in a paragraph should guide the reader to the main thought - you state something, and then you provide support for that claim. It's not like that all the time of course, but it's pretty common. In this case, the first sentence says that data source "should contain" objects. So I expect this paragraph to be about ways of populating the data source with objects. But you actually only use this first sentence as the way to transition to the second, which is in fact that main sentence. 

So I'd change the beginning and talk about the main topic of this paragraph right away. 

 ```suggestion
Once you assigned the data source, you need to map field values to appointment attributes. If data objects include fields that match the [predefined structure](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/), the **Scheduler** recognizes them automatically and displays appointments without further configuration. To map other fields, use **...Expr** properties. In this tutorial, the [startDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDate) and [endDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDate) fields are recognized automatically, whereas other field names are specified in the [textExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#textExpr), [allDayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayExpr), and [recurrenceRuleExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr) properties.
```

> Once you assigned the data source, you need to map field values to appointment attributes. If data objects include fields that match the [predefined structure](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/), the **Scheduler** recognizes them automatically and displays appointments without further configuration. To map other fields, use **...Expr** properties. In this tutorial, the [startDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDate) and [endDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDate) fields are recognized automatically, whereas other field names are specified in the [textExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#textExpr), [allDayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayExpr), and [recurrenceRuleExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr) properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you assign the data source, you need to map field values to appointment attributes. If data objects include fields that match the [predefined structure](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/), the **Scheduler** recognizes them automatically and displays appointments without further configuration. To map other fields, use **...Expr** properties. In this tutorial, the [startDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#startDate) and [endDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#endDate) fields are recognized automatically, whereas other field names are specified in the [textExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#textExpr), [allDayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#allDayExpr), and [recurrenceRuleExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr) properties.
```
